docs(bd-tag): add tutorial for using BD tag feature. (#181)
openebs/cstor-operators: docs/tutorial/cspc/allow-tagged-bds/allowed-bds.md

# Block Device Tagging

Node disk manager provides a feature to restrict the use of block devices via
tagging it. Engines like cStor utilises this feature to apply restriction on 

> blockdevices and ensure that only cStor can use it and hence guarantee that the 

Reviewer: NDM provides a feature to reserve block devices to be used for specific applications via block device tags. This feature can also be used by cStor operators to specify the block devices that should be consumed by cstor pools and conversely restrict anyone else from using those block devices. This feature can help in protecting against manual errors in specifying the block devices in the CSPC yamls by users.

      poolConfig:
        dataRaidGroupType: "stripe"
- nodeSelector:
        kubernetes.io/hostname: "worker3-ashutosh"
      dataRaidGroups:
        - blockDevices:
            - blockDeviceName: "blockdevice-00439dc464b785256242113bf0ef64b9"
      poolConfig:
        dataRaidGroupType: "stripe"
```

Do a `kubectl apply -f` of the above CSPC file:

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f cspc.yaml 
cstorpoolcluster.cstor.openebs.io/cspc-stripe created
$ kubectl get cspi -n openebs
NAME               HOSTNAME           FREE     CAPACITY    READONLY   PROVISIONEDREPLICAS   HEALTHYREPLICAS   STATUS   AGE
cspc-stripe-b9f6   worker2   19300M   19300614k   false      0                     0                 ONLINE   89s
cspc-stripe-q7xn   worker1   19300M   19300614k   false      0                     0                 ONLINE   89s
```

You can see that CSPI for node `worker3` is not created and the reason for this
is the following:
- CSPC YAML created above has `openebs.io/allowed-bd-tags: cstor,ssd` in its 
annotation. This means that the CSPC operator will only consider those block
devices for provisioning that do not have a BD tag `openebs.io/block-device-tag` 

> on the block device or has the tag but the values are either `cstor` or `ssd`.

Reviewer 2: :+1:

- In this case the `blockdevice-022674b5f97f06195fe962a7a61fcb64` 
(on node `worker1`) and `blockdevice-241fb162b8d0eafc640ed89588a832df`
(on node `worker2`) does not have a tag with key `openebs.io/block-device-tag`.

> Hence, not restriction is applied on it and it can be used the the CSPC operator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hence, no restriction is applied on it and it can be used by the CSPC operator
```

for pool provisioning or operations.

- In the case of blockdevice `blockdevice-00439dc464b785256242113bf0ef64b9`
(on node `worker3`) it has a block device tag `openebs.io/block-device-tag` with

> value `fast`. (This tag is simply Kubernetes label). But on the CSPC, the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
value `fast`. (This tag is simply a Kubernetes label). But on the CSPC, the
```

via Kubectl. 

```yml
openebs.io/allowed-bd-tags: cstor,ssd,fast

```
After adding the annotation on the CSPC the CSPI will get created.

```bash
$ kubectl get cspi -n openebs
NAME               HOSTNAME           FREE     CAPACITY    READONLY   PROVISIONEDREPLICAS   HEALTHYREPLICAS   STATUS   AGE
cspc-stripe-b9f6   worker2   19300M   19300074k   false      0                     0                 ONLINE   7m8s
cspc-stripe-lznh   worker3   19300M   19300053k   false      0                     0                 ONLINE   5s
cspc-stripe-q7xn   worker1   19300M   19300074k   false      0                     0                 ONLINE   7m8s
```

## More Info
- If you want BD of multiple tag values to be allowed, the value for allowed bd 
tag annotation can be written in the following comma-separated manner:
```yml
openebs.io/allowed-bd-tags: fast,ssd,nvme
```
- A BD tag has only one value on the block device CR. For example 
    - `openebs.io/block-device-tag: fast` — fast is the value.
    - `openebs.io/block-device-tag: fast,slow` — one can tag a BD like this but 
    it is not recommended and will not be allowed to be consumed by cStor as 

>     cStor annotation takes a comma-separated value for allowed bd tags.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is not clear.

Author: Suggestions... I am not able to bring any other statement.

Reviewer 2: > `openebs.io/block-device-tag: fast,slow` — one can tag a BD like this

this should never be done. should change the not recommended word.

The cstor annotation and block-device-tag label is getting mixed up here. Not able to understand it clearly.

If possible split into 2 statements 

Also the `fast-slow` brings in additional complexity in understanding.

```
- A BD tag has only one value on the block device CR. For example 
    - `openebs.io/block-device-tag: fast` — fast is the value.

>     - `openebs.io/block-device-tag: fast,ssd` — one can tag a BD like this but 
>     block devices should not be tagged in this fashion. One of the reasons for 
>     this is, cStor allowed bd tag annotation takes a comma-separated values and 
>     value like above(i.e `fast,ssd` ) can never be interpreted as a single word 
>     in cStor and hence BDs tagged in above fashion cannot be utilised by cStor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `openebs.io/block-device-tag: fast,ssd` — block devices should not be tagged 
    in this format. One of the reasons for this is, cStor allowed bd tag annotation 
    takes a comma-separated value and values like above(i.e `fast,ssd` ) can never 
    be interpreted as a single word in cStor and hence BDs tagged in above format cannot 
    be utilised by cStor.
```

    - `openebs.io/block-device-tag: in-south` — One can use a hyphen in the 

>     bd tag value.`in-south` is a valid value here.

Reviewer 2: :+1:
